I like to meet you when I lose all control
From Hollywood, California, Meltdown Comics, and the Meltdown, NerdMelt, MeltyMelt, Showroom Meltdown
Parment Town is now in session
I like to meet you when I lose all control
Your Game Master is always a Spencer Quintenden
Ad
K. S.
Chris, can we finish that conversation?
You, should I go like this?
Oh, okay.
And I don't want to be an asshole,
but why not put the mic there?
Oh!
It's only for my edification.
Yeah, this is for the cameras as we continue
to ruin the audio podcast with our horrible cameras
and our need, you know, video killed the radio star.
Video podcasting is killing, but you
used to just tune in for the soothing sound of my lullaby
voice.
Just focus on the resonating chamber
of my velociraptor skull.
Uh, uh, uh, anyways.
So, God, the earth is changing underneath our feet, Jeff.
The imagine telling your 25-year-old self, say,
hey, I'm Jeff Davis.
It's the year 2015.
I'm sending you a message from the future.
The Supreme Court has just determined
that everyone in the whole country, marriage is just marriage.
It's all it is.
Just.
And Canada did it 10 years before, but that's not the point.
Oh, yeah, well, no, we're America.
We're first in war, 21st in marriage, right?
But it's just beneath Ireland.
But also, oh, yeah, also, so you wouldn't even
know what a podcast was then, but you're sending a message
saying, the president of the United States
is going to be a guest at Marc Maron's podcast.
He's going to say the n-word.
And he's going to sing Amazing Grace at a funeral.
That was fucking, that was rad.
That was great.
I just heard about that.
He can sing, too?
Oh, I mean, pretty good for a president,
but I feel like with some classes,
he could really pull it out.
I haven't heard.
I wouldn't say it's perfect, but he
was doing an acapella, and he was doing it in a key.
What I love is the organist, I think, on the choir finds him
and misses just by like a half note, and Obama finds it.
Like, the organist puts it in a key,
and then they all start singing along.
But there was that moment when he started singing,
and everyone's like, stand up, the fucking president
is singing right now.
We are going to miss this guy so much.
The lame duck Obama is the fucking FDR of the 21st century.
He's amazing.
He's just like, by the way, here's how I really feel.
And we're like, oh, yeah, that's why I voted for you
a long time ago.
He had a very good week, and not just he, but lots of people.
And he didn't spike a lot of footballs
and do a lot of end zone dancing.
He just kept it.
He's very classy.
He's very charming, I think.
That's why.
I mean, but think about this guy.
So OK, so this N-word thing, have we even
clear on this, do we understand that this notion of he
of all people, these thoughts that start with he of all people,
that that's the same thing as, do we
understand that politically and strategically Obama is less
allowed to talk about race than any pre-existing president,
that he has been targeted by more racism,
that his Twitter account can't say, hey,
sign up for health care without.
I always click on it because I'm always fascinated.
It's always the N-word.
It's always somewhere in there, literally just the N-word.
Just like someone just wants to remind him.
Just wants to tell him.
And people that want him to speak out and make everything
right at every time in this changing age when everything
we're finding out about racially hot things
like the president of the United States is not
supposed to necessarily come down to every city
and make a big speech and raise a big stink about everything
that's going wrong, let alone the first black president
of the United States.
Every time that guy speaks up about anything racial,
people just fucking jump.
And so he's been strategic, and he's been practical,
and now he doesn't have to be.
And he goes into Marc Maron's garage and fucking lays it down.
And rounding out the triumvirate of, holy shit,
the dream is coming true.
The LAPD is now killing middle-aged white men.
No, that's also horrible.
I hope his family isn't a fan.
Is there something in the news today that I don't know about?
No, not in the way we talked about last week.
It's old news, but it's also like, what the fuck is going on?
They took these cops, the shot that got.
I'm going to lay my cards on the table.
Let's just go to the racist place.
Like, let me be a white racist.
Let me, please, let me.
So that we don't have to worry about that anymore.
Like, is Dan being racist?
Is he being insensitive?
Let me be insensitive and racist so that we can cut
straight through to what's really disturbing
about a white 48-year-old guy holding a towel,
getting gunned down by cops who, according to their training,
are supposed to shoot you if you hold a towel up.
Why aren't towels illegal?
Why aren't cops illegal?
This is getting extreme.
And if it takes a white guy to make white people go, oh, OK,
deal breaker, it's not because we think that the black people
deserve it.
It's because secretly white liberals are going,
I think that the racist part of white liberals
is the part of us that goes vigilante about race relations.
That's what white people do.
We're like, I'm racist.
We're born racist, as you know.
That's the one racist thing I'll accept.
White people are born racist.
The racist part of us, like, when
we hear about these cop brutality stuff,
you know that part of us is going like, yeah,
but that's got to be a hard job.
Dressed like Hitler youth, like walking around
a bunch of black people, that's got to be tough.
You know that we think that.
And then we go, naughty white guy, naughty white cop, naughty.
Just because it's hard.
You have to control yourself.
And then the fucking 48-year-old white jogger
with the towel gets shot, and you're like, wait a minute.
How is my brain functioning?
This is all, like, what the fuck?
This is insane.
The system is, I don't know what to do about it,
but if you can't hold a towel and you can't be a white guy.
All sympathies.
I'm not going to let you push my buttons, and I'm not.
I know that I'm making sense.
That's what you're pointing with this, though, right?
I guess you can skim that fucking hot button shit
off the top of what I'm saying, but what I'm really trying to do,
I think you could take a deep ladle full of that.
I said at the top of this conversation, I said,
let's be racist.
Let's go to the racist list.
And you said, let me be racist.
Let's all be racist.
A fine distinction.
Let me be racist.
Yes, I said that.
And say, like, why is that the deal breaker,
and why the fuck, more importantly,
if, because if we were giving a pass,
were we giving a pass to cops in areas where white people felt
like maybe, maybe we felt like it was a demilitarized zone,
or we felt like, oh, you know, I'm liberal politically,
but hey, I can't imagine doing that job.
That must be real hard.
By the way, sanitation workers get killed more often than cops.
Like, it's, I don't deny, they just did a study.
Like, how many, how many fucking,
how dangerous is this fucking job?
What is sanitation?
People murder them, or they get, they, if they fall into it.
Let's not worry about sanitation workers.
The point is that.
Wait, no, wait.
Are people picking them off with guns from their rooftop,
or do they get crushed by, like, get out of my garbage.
It's being mistaken for raccoons is, like,
the highest cause of death in the United States,
other than experimental aircraft.
I don't know, I don't know.
I'm talking out of my ass.
That's why I built a cedar wood enclosure
from my trash in front of my head.
And now, and now I approve of that.
Now that I'm seeing the danger causes, that's like,
that's Donnie Deepkut is giving you the high clap.
He loves, anyways, I, like, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I'm glad, come on, where was I?
I was being racist.
If, now can we go, like, OK, so if you're a squad car
and you're stuck in broad daylight traffic
on Las Fuelas Boulevard, where there's six yogurt shops
within a mile radius, and a 48-year-old white jogger
with a towel in his hands can also
provoke the same response.
Like, like, is it, I mean, can we definitely, like,
call it quits?
And if we use that as the deal breaker,
can we just reveal that we've all been racist
and that maybe that's why this whole fucking problem
exists in the first place?
That's my only point.
Because I, and I'm willing to lay it back.
Are you saying that the deal for you wasn't broken yet?
That you still kind of consider, oh,
that's a bad neighborhood for the black people?
I can see that.
Well.
A byproduct of that job in that part of town.
I think the deal was broken a long time ago.
I think that, as I've always said,
like, race is an artificial construct
and the thing that we're connected is, like,
it's the idea that people that have phenotypical
characteristics all live on one block.
That's where things become, like, what we're identifying
as race issues are class issues and cultural issues and stuff.
And so I think that within that maelstrom, yes,
I will say to you, yes, I have always thought
in the back of my head, always in the back of my head,
I have always thought, boy, that can't be a good gig.
But is it also, does it have to be a race thing?
Or can it just be a class thing?
Because we live in a neighborhood,
where that shooting took place, the rent is very high there.
Is it possible that for you, because it's so close to where
you actually live and you're safe?
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
OK, so it's not a race thing.
It's a class thing.
I'm saying there is no such thing as a race thing
if we were to actually talk about genetics.
There's no such thing as a race thing.
Like, the striation that we call ratio, like, that's not,
we know, when I've said 1,000 times on this stage,
race is an artificial construct.
Dan, what do you mean by that?
What I mean is that it's a man-made construct.
Like, the things that we delineate as racial are forced.
Like, they are, if you lived in a world,
if you grew up in a high school where all of the red-headed
people sat at one lunch table, if there
were as much attention paid to freckles,
or the weird continuum of skin shades
that exist within what we consider
African-American skin tones, Middle Eastern skin tones,
and white skin tones, like, everybody's skin
has a different color to it.
Yes, there's genetic, there's these characteristics
and things, but compared to the things that actually
make a difference, it's an artificial construct.
It's man-made.
So it's not when we're talking about racial things
and racial hot buttons, when we're
talking about the actual existence of a black community,
we don't actually mean a bunch of people
who are united by genetics alone.
That gets us into all kinds of trouble,
because that's really, really a huge sleight of hand.
We're talking about class, and we're
talking about the fact that there's
been these forced impositions.
We should have all been fucking each other a long time ago.
We should all, and I'm not saying that this is a necessity,
but statistically speaking, if there hadn't ever
any been xenophobia, when anyone landed on the coast of anything,
if there had never been any imposition of any artificially
asserted construct, we would all just
look like Holly Berry and Tiger Woods by now.
We would, and Benjamin Bratt and whatever.
And none of us would give a fuck.
And it's OK that that world hasn't happened yet.
We can still exist in that world, because some people
have long necks, and some people have big noses,
and some people have weird toes, and some people
have shovel teeth, and some people have like,
and then some people are so desperate for identity
that they fucking carve up their own face.
So Jesus Christ, we don't have to be in such a hurry
to all fuck each other, but some people have tattoos,
and some people are in wheelchairs,
and some people eat wood.
Termites, termites.
Those are termites.
We don't have to include them.
Race is an artificial construct, is my point.
Oh, thanks, guys.
That's been our show.
Good night.
Good night, everybody.
Try safely.
Would you fuck a termite, then, if you could?
What do you think a human termite may be?
What would be the upside to a human termite crossbreeding?
Well, definitely the ability to digest wood.
I imagine all insects are totally
jealous of termites, don't you?
They eat wood.
Like, imagine flies are like, fuck you.
Like, they're on top of a turd, and they're like, whoa.
Enjoy your log cabin, Thoreau.
The worst, the termites have got to,
how do they even do that?
It must be at the expense of something.
Termites must be terrible golfers, or dumb.
By the way, we're recording my comedy album tonight,
so thank you for laughing at my termite run.
What would the downside be of a human termite hybrid?
Probably no cardiovascular system, no brain,
just being a collection of neurons
that make a thing go like this.
Spencer, if you could crossbreed humans
with any animal or insect from across the animal kingdom,
what do you think would be the most advantageous?
Oh, definitely an iguana.
Think about how useful an iguana is.
Now, think about applying that skill
set to the mental capacity of a human.
You'd get humans that could lie on sticks, or perhaps black rocks.
Let them talk, let them finish, let them finish, let them finish.
They'd even probably be able to eat mealworms.
I don't know.
I really love that he left out changing color.
Iguanas, Dan.
I thought about saying chameleons didn't go there.
Oh, iguanas, I'm sorry.
Hey, look who's race blind.
Fuck you, people.
I hooked you in by saying I'm racist.
How does it feel on the lowest road compared to me,
where even iguanas and chameleons,
lizards famous for their color, are indistinguishable to me?
Uh, fuck you all.
The FBI is waiting at each exit.
You're all going on a racism list.
Because I'm the decoy.
I'm the guy, whatever they call him, like in those kitty porn.
Protochet.
Protochet?
Another callback, another callback.
In the movie, what was that?
There was a movie.
What was the movie with the?
God damn it.
Oh, Honeypot, is that it?
It's like, this is a sad thing to get clear.
The kid that they used to lure in other kids.
You'd ask Deep Cut, Donnie, whatever his name was.
Deep Cut.
Honeypot, yeah, OK.
None of us feel better about, oh, OK, now I know.
I got all my pedophile terms down.
I'm glad I came out here tonight.
Could have been at the BET Awards.
But I'm a pedophile expert.
One more thing, a Confederate flag flag.
I'm going to say one thing about it, and then we're done.
We're going to meet some people, we're going to have some fun.
Yes, scrutinize the flag.
Get it down.
You know why?
It's a fucking flag.
How less racist do you think the United States flag is?
All right, that's it.
That's all I wanted to say.
I just fucking get bummed out.
Are you kidding me?
Like, oh, really?
Because it's the logo for Dukes of Hazard?
It's like, it makes such an easy target.
It's like, yeah, they lost, and they're like,
they should not be flying that over any capital building.
It's fucking, it's been like tolerated in fucking sedition.
All flags are bummers.
Yeah, they're fucking flags.
Like, it's like, just like, yeah, fucking let's be.
Also, we fold it weird.
That's a stupid way to fold anything.
We fold it weird.
We fold them weird.
And we have like, there's a weird rules about it.
A fucking triangle?
That's a stupid.
Every single flag on this entire planet
is, by its very nature, the whole reason to have a flag
is to like, fold it in a square or rectangle.
We'll get to it.
But saying the idea of taking a piece of fabric
and saying, this is a symbol, and we're waving it,
the whole, that's how all dehumanization begins.
So yeah, have them, they're fine, they're great.
Scrutinize some of them.
Hey, that one's the Losers flag.
Let's take it down.
Didn't they lose a long time ago?
We should probably put that in a museum instead
of over our government building.
It's kind of weird that we keep letting them do that.
If you put a flag up over a southern city's capital
building that said, Jeff Davis rules,
people would show up at your door.
Well, first off, they'd be right.
Second, my name, Jeff Davis, Jefferson Davis,
the president of the Confederacy.
Oh, boy.
Every week, somebody sends me a tweet of them being
in the South in a bumper sticker or a sticker on a lamp post.
It says, don't blame me.
I voted for Jeff Davis across the Confederate Jack.
Like, there's loads of good old races, Jeff Davis.
My name across the Confederate front.
We thought you were going to tell the Teen Wolf story again.
I'm kidding.
I'm doing it.
Deep Cut Townie knows what I'm talking about.
Oh, Deep Cut Townie fucking gas-based me.
I did tell the story about my name profiting me
in the South, right?
Yes, yes.
That's what I thought you were doing.
That's why I said, oh, boy, I didn't
want you to go on that record truck.
I'll fucking talk about Teen Wolf, though, man.
Don't do either.
Let's freshen things up with a long-awaited guest,
somebody who should have been here a long time ago,
partly because it's basically, well, I mean, not basically.
Literally, she's the reason why the podcast exists,
because years ago at the Roost, she was just very like,
she wasn't assertive about it.
She was just sort of clear about it,
said, like, you should have a podcast.
You should do a podcast.
And I was like, oh, yeah, maybe I should.
Her benefits extend beyond that.
A lot of you already love her from the indoor kids
and all kinds of stuff.
And she's got a book that's coming out that we'll plug,
but let's get to talking to her.
Emily Gordon's here.
Yeah!
Oh.
Hello.
Hi.
Finally.
Hello.
Emily Vance Gordon.
Vance.
That's right.
You got a cool middle name.
I hate that middle name.
Why is that?
It's my, it was supposed to be my first name
if I was going to be a boy, and I wasn't.
So, because I don't think anybody would have
sex with someone named Vance, so I'm quite,
I'm quite happy about that.
But middle name status, I'll take it.
It's fine.
Yeah.
So they love the name so much they couldn't let it go,
even though you were a woman.
It must be in here somewhere.
I'm lucky I didn't get one of those four name people.
You know the four name people?
It's not good.
What?
I have kind of an equally charming story.
My parents didn't expect a third child,
so they made up a name and.
Dan, did they make up Dan?
Yeah.
You guys, the creator of Dan.
They just grabbed it and rolled me under a porch.
So I want to start with one of the most,
I think this kind of exemplifies you in my mind,
my relationship with you, your role in my cosmos.
I'm constantly retweeting you, things that you just retweet.
It's not like you're out there aggressively asserting yourself,
but you like Graham Linehan who we had on the show.
Oh, he's so great on Twitter.
Yeah, and particularly through the things he retweets,
kind of just by looking at his retweets,
I feel like a smarter person.
And I also feel like a much dumber person.
But your stuff, the stuff that you retweet,
is like the emotional equivalent of that.
The most exemplary one was you simply retweeted a Tumblr.
No, was this something that you wrote or was this something?
No, it's something that somebody else wrote that I just saw
and retumbled and therefore retweeted.
God, I hate myself.
Just having to say that sentence out loud,
I'm not fond of myself.
We all died a little bit.
Yeah, I know, I'm sorry.
It was simply a list of ways to compliment people.
I don't want to get this wrong.
List of ways to compliment people
without involving their physical appearance.
Their appearance, yeah, that's it.
Nice things you can say to people other than how they look.
And I was like, my brain flipped over
because it's like this is something
I should have realized a long time ago.
It's beyond gender politics, it's beyond,
but it certainly afflicts probably,
if I were to guess, probably afflicts the female self-esteem
a little more than the half of the species
is allowed to look like this.
What were a couple that you remember, or anything?
You know what, fuck it, no, I didn't even read it.
Based on the title alone, you were like, yes, this speaks to me.
But that's an important thing.
Think about this, this is a piece that made my mind flop.
180 degrees about some part of my brain
just reshuffled completely.
And there was no outrage, there was no lynching,
there was no anger, there was no shaming,
even comedically, all those comedy people,
that's how we express our progress as we...
Bitch about things.
Your husband's the best at it.
He's so good, you guys.
He's like Lancelot, he's out there slashing.
He complains on a constant basis.
That's what we do, that's as progressive
as comedy and comedy writers get,
is we stab and we poke the things that we don't like.
But this was a thing that was like, hey,
here's a list of things you could say to somebody
that have nothing to do with their physical appearance,
and there was no victimization, there was no nothing.
I would name a couple of them, things that you could say.
I don't remember a goddamn one, and I don't have to.
I enjoy the way your voice sounds.
What do you love hearing that from somebody, you guys?
I think it was stuff like, I like how your voice sounds,
I enjoy the work that you did on that thing,
like just very kind of random things, but...
I enjoy spending time with you.
You make me feel better about myself.
Just like a genuine, vulnerable expression of like,
this is something you do that I like.
That's kind of a rarity, you don't really have a lot of...
You scare me less than other people.
You make me feel like dancing.
I'm going to dance tonight away.
Yeah, yeah.
I want to dance with somebody, with somebody who loves me, obviously.
I'm your private dancer.
Dancer for money?
A dancer for money.
Will you do what I want you to do?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Don't make it about yourself, make it about her.
These are our dance hall days.
You're just scrambling now.
Everybody weighing chung tonight?
I just feel like a lot of times the stuff I see in Tumblr specifically,
if you spend any time on it, it's just people full of hate and rage,
like college rage, which is a very specific rage.
And I was like, when you're telling,
this is fucked up when this happens and this should be happening instead,
then all people want to talk about is, this is what's fucked up.
And they're like, well, that's not fucked up.
You don't understand, you weren't there, you don't know.
Let me explain it to you, little lady.
So I'm like, I would rather just skip to the second part,
which is putting out good stuff and being like, well, then just take this.
What is the goal?
What is the end game that we want?
We want to be happy supposedly, right?
We want to be satisfied.
We want to be supposedly when you're like,
when you're charging at a guy on Twitter and you're like fucking like lancing him.
In theory, like in plain sight theory, the theory we all accept,
which I don't know, is it true, is that behind all of that force
is revolution and the name of the revolution is, can't we all just get along?
Now, if your flag is, can't we all just get along?
That's a fucked up flag too.
Why under that flag are you slitting people's throats?
No matter how racist they are, no matter how,
like when are we going to get to this revolution where we go?
Like, let's start, it's more boring, but let's start setting the example.
It's so much more boring.
It's fucking terrible, really.
And it's really hard to think of a positive way to incite subversive thought.
But another, I mean, I've referenced it numerous times on this podcast.
I think you retweeted it was the blog entry,
the article that was admit it, your fave is problematic.
Yes, that was a great one.
I thought there was such a gracious invitation within there.
It was like such a beacon of light within a generation
that I am so, like, shaking my cane at all the time.
But it was like, oh, this is the thing that I'm looking for
is the idea that, can we acknowledge that humanity is so flawed
that if we are going to clean up this porch,
that it is going to involve touching dirt.
So much dirt.
And if we all go ick every time we touch dirt and pointed it and screamed,
dirt, dirt, dirt, we're going to be able to fucking clean children
on a dirty porch shrieking at each other.
We don't ever get to have conversations about anything
because when you start, if you even start, people are like,
well, here's why what you said is problematic.
And then there's no conversations that are going to move anyone anywhere
because it's all like, how fast can I shut you down?
How quickly can I shut you down and then shame you
and then we don't get to move in any direction from there?
How much of the shame and the hate or trolling do you get
that's simply because you're a woman?
It's actually, and me saying this is going to make it happen more.
So be aware of that.
The gauntlet is starting.
I actually don't, it's not that bad.
It's really not that bad for me.
And it also makes me mad when people are like,
you're one of the good ones, like one of the good feminists.
The Jimi Hendrix, that's what we call them.
Now I want to be one of the bad ones, you fucking asshole.
Don't ever tell me I'm one of the good ones
because you'll see me become the bad one.
Is that because you project yourself,
you seem to have a pretty sane approach to how you do stuff.
I try to, and when I talk about sex or something,
I always say something about giving a blow job or something,
and people will be like, that's so cool that you talk about that
and you're feminist.
I'm like, yeah, feminists give all of the blow jobs.
They give all of them.
We love it.
It's so great.
How much power do you have when you have a man's genitals
in your fucking mouth?
That is power.
You definitely...
Thank you, goodnight.
You do not want a blow job from a non-feminist, really.
It's the worst.
It's probably all teeth.
But related to that, there's another anecdotal thing,
but we're coming so close to,
which I think is beautiful, is bridging this from societal stuff
and digital stuff to couple stuff,
because your original wheelhouse is,
you actually, you're an ex-patriot from the...
weren't you a couples therapist?
Yeah, I was a couples and family therapist.
And you fled.
I ran fast.
Which makes you more trustworthy as a therapist
than anybody who stayed, but...
It's true.
I was a therapist for, I practiced for about six and a half,
almost seven years, and I really loved it,
but I chose to work with really tough populations
and really tough populations will burn you the fuck out.
So I was like, I tried to take a job working with people
who were just like, I feel stressed out,
and I was like, fuck you, you have no idea how good you have it.
And then I was like, oh, I got to get out of here.
This is my fault now.
What do you mean when you say tough population?
I worked, my first job was with kids
who had been removed from their home,
and their next step was going to be to put in training school,
which is like bye-bye until you're 18.
And then my next job was with only suicidal people.
My next job was with 270 people with schizophrenia
who were living in a hotel.
That's how Freddy Krueger got born.
I know, right?
The bastard's child of 1,000 maniacs.
1,000 maniacs.
That's how sperm works, right?
We all learned in dream warriors.
Which, by the way, isn't that...
That sperm is like a slushie?
What the fuck?
Like, if 1,000 crazy people rape one nun,
it makes Freddy Krueger with their combined sperm?
That's irresponsible.
It's like a gay couple where they're like,
we don't want to know which one it really was.
We just want it to be all of our kids together.
And some of them's like, he's got my eyes, though.
I think it's mine.
He has my proclivity for knife fingering.
Yeah, he's got all my burnt flesh.
I kind of want to...
Part of me really wants, because I think...
If so many people are listening, they could benefit,
because what you just said earlier was that
you actually don't...
You actually have an easier time,
and I think it's not an incorrect assumption
that that has something to do with inside you,
that you know how to handle things better.
So, therefore, I'm curious that it's for all of us out there
who are living on Twitter,
living in social media comment sections,
getting into these tangles that jack up our nervous system,
and all of a sudden we're just...
I mean, what do you do in these very typical situations
that maybe some of us aren't doing?
Okay, that's a good question.
I would say, and I'm not always great at it,
if you catch me on a weird day,
I'll fucking yell at you for no reason,
and then apologize later.
And that's the thing I've learned.
One is that what I don't want to have to do
is apologize to someone who is a little shitty to me
when I blow up later, and then I'm like, you're right,
I'm sorry, I said something shitty.
I don't want to have to apologize to you, fuck off.
So, that's my first line of defense.
Second line of defense is going,
what do I really want out of this?
Genuinely, what is the ideal outcome
of this situation for me?
And is there any chance in fucking hell
that I'm going to get it?
And if there's just not,
then I just choose not to engage.
Like, there's no point to me.
Like, if what I want is, I want you to stop being racist
and sexist and understand how I feel about things,
I'm not going to do that over Twitter.
That's never going to happen.
And why would you want that for some dude?
Like, what a kind of weird,
dead man walking relationship is that?
Or you're just going to be Susan Saranda to one guy on Twitter?
You're the one, I've decided.
I will change you.
And for so many, I think women too,
we take on project dudes to date.
And so, taking on project dudes on Twitter,
I feel like it's like a weird extension of that,
of like taking on like, I will make you better.
I will be the special one that will understand you
and make you, it's not my job.
It could be, I think we're all afflicted to that,
by it though, like, because we all want to,
so what I'm hearing and combining with the tools
I'm acquiring in therapy right now.
Just the fact that you said what I'm hearing,
it's good stuff, good refrain.
Good communication.
By the way, you look fantastic tonight.
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!
Emily, is Camille a project dude?
Of course, of course he is.
Anyway, what are you saying?
Oh, I shouldn't have answered for you.
It just seems so obvious.
No, he's not.
No, not at all.
I mean, thank God he's not here tonight.
No, he's not backstage staring at me right now.
Ah, no, not at all.
He was one of the first guys I dated
that did not need me to function,
and so that was why he was terrifying,
but also why I fell in love with him.
Would I, just to, just to link,
and not to beat this dead horse,
but just because I do think that people listening
could like benefit from this,
because we're interacting all the time
just in these little digital bursts.
So, I think that's the difference between
your type of interaction with trolls,
let's call them, like, do you primarily,
do you do a lot of just blocking,
ignoring? I do some blocking, yeah.
I try to think like, what do I want,
and if what I want is to make this guy feel
shame or bad,
then I'm like, I need to find another way to make,
there are other ways to affect someone's
emotions that don't involve,
because some days you just want to make other people
feel bad. You feel bad, you want to fucking spread it around,
but just be honest with your own intentions.
Like, if you're like, no, no, no,
I want to educate him about fifth-weight feminism.
No, you don't, you want to fucking make him feel bad.
You want to make him feel bad, because he made you feel bad.
You don't want to educate him, you don't give a fuck
if he's educated. Just be honest with
that desire within yourself,
and then also think about him. What does he want?
He wants to make you feel bad.
Are you going to let him have that? That's a lot of power
to give somebody a stranger who has an egg
for a fucking face. I'm not going to do that.
Yeah.
I feel like I have,
like, incidentally, like, going to
therapy and then, as a
direct result of therapy, I adopted this new
thing, which I never would have done before.
I actually, when I started on Twitter,
I thought that blocking people was like some kind of
admission of defeat. You won? Yeah.
Like, no, I can fucking
take anybody down. Come at me.
Like, I'm Stephen Segal. And what does that even mean?
Take them down. What does that even mean?
I mean, I'll tell you what it means, because
I'm still part of me, it's like, no, I want you
to understand how good I am.
That means they block me.
And I was fucking good
at it. Like, I would,
that was my zero-sum
game. Like, for real, for three years,
that was my game. Like, I would, people
would come at me and they'd go, like, community sucks.
And I'd be like, all right, let's talk for a while.
Three weeks later, they're blocking me.
And I'm like, coming out, I'm going, hey, hey,
I thought you wanted to talk, motherfucker!
That's me
winning.
Unhealthy, unhealthy. Unhealthy.
Meanwhile, community, they're like, hey, where's
Dan? Oh, I don't know, I think he's talking with a guy
who's three weeks ago. Because then I fucking into him, I'm like,
why do you draw like an eight-year-old? Is it because you're
dead left?
And they're just like crying and like, fucking,
like, I just fantasize about their suicide.
I don't, don't commit suicide.
Talk to somebody. Suicide is not good.
There's a number you can call.
But, so, in therapy,
because of the stuff I learned, then I just, like,
applied that. I never talked to my therapist about
Twitter. Yeah, specifically, yeah.
But I applied the tools that I was learning in therapy.
What a good client you are. What's up?
Applying tools you've learned elsewhere. What a great client
you are. Yeah, I'm all over the place.
And I'm assuming you think I look great, but won't tell me
because you're so advanced.
I'll tell you later. Off mic.
I feel like if somebody came up to me and said, uh, you know
what, I really like the sound of your talking voice.
That's them saying, you look like shit.
Send the man.
I can't think of anything to say nice about the way
you look. With all due respect to Emily,
I think that, I think the sound of your voice
was the bad first example. That was maybe a bad first
example. Because it's kind of as physical.
That's true. That is a little physical.
Because then someone else is like, what about me?
Yeah.
And really, that's, they just have an ugly throat.
Could you? That's a great voice.
But more importantly, if you're foxy, and all people
do is tell you you're foxy, that's actually the more
important battleground. Absolutely.
You should be, anyways. So let's get to that later,
because you're writing a book about, you're about
to come up with a book about self-esteem.
Yeah, we'll talk about that.
Fuck you.
Fuck you all. There was one more thing.
I just wanted to brag about how advanced I am.
The bulk you are, yes.
I started blocking people. I started just
fucking blocking people. I started eating it
like Rice Krispies. I was like, I was just like,
once I crossed the threshold, I was like, block the first guy.
Block, block, block, block, block.
Do you know what the result is?
For better or for worse, when I get on Twitter now,
it's like fucking so positive.
Yeah. Because
either people are terrorized.
They're like, dude, don't fucking,
if you ask them about communities lighting
in season six, he'll fucking block you.
Like, and maybe,
hey, fuck it. Maybe I'm,
yeah, maybe I'm Caligula on Twitter,
but more importantly, I'm getting
on Twitter for my own experience. It's like, I have
a good time on Twitter now. I have intelligent,
smart, funny people.
Having interesting conversations. I say, I'm watching
this movie, and people are writing and going,
I watched that movie. If you watch this movie,
and it's like fucking, that's what Twitter's for.
And it's because I just started
like, popping those fucking bubbles.
Like, it is like, lancing those boils.
It's like, this is not what I get on Twitter for.
I don't get on here for constructive criticism.
Right, yeah. About season three.
Do you feel like Joseph Stalin
felt the same way? Like, when he was perfect?
Yes, Jeff.
As I've always said.
When he was killing off tens of millions of people.
Is that how he blocked people? That dissented.
Well, he blocked them with a bullet.
That was the blocking, the breathing passageways.
I heard that he gave the orders
to the Gestapo, he would say,
block them.
Stalin was dealing with the Gestapo?
Yeah, he was in deep with the Nazis.
That is hard.
No one knows about that.
Is it because Gestapo is
like, cold soup, and you're like,
you taste it, and you're like, this soup is cold,
and you're like, it's Gestapo, it's supposed to be cold.
The...
I dropped out of college.
We have this beautiful segue here
because we're talking about the
individual working with
this human biomass
digitally.
And we're talking about the same tools
and your former occupation
that we're talking about
two people who join
in partnership.
And your husband is here, and my wife is here.
I think we should just bring them both out at the same time.
Oh, interesting. Okay.
Let's bring out Camille and Erin McGathy.
Come here, Nandiani, everybody.
And Erin McGathy!
Hi.
Hello. Hi, everybody.
Welcome. Thank you for having me on your show.
You're welcome.
It's my face.
We got to change it to my face up here.
And I will say just quickly, I never...
Here's what I said. I was picked to run this theater
When it first opened and I was really needed shows and really needed good things
And we happened to be at the bar one night and I was like you should just come and talk on stage
For like an hour that I think it would be amazing and people would come and you were like make it to
That really is like
Dan and I what the drawing room and Dan and I were sitting at the bar at the drawing and there's like yeah
I talked to Emily Gordon who works at meltdown and he
She said but we should do a show
So maybe we just get up there and we just talk and we talk about going to the moon and that was it
That was literally and the first show if you'll remember you wanted to show something on screen and our screen wasn't working
So when the show was supposed to be starting I was at the Apple store at the gallery
I think at the Glendale Galleria. No not Glendale. I was whatever not interesting
Trying to find a part to go to the screen so that you could show this thing and when I got back
You were like, fuck it. We just won't show it. I was like, all right
Which which mall was it?
The gallery is so close to the
Yeah, I did not call you a project man earlier
What are you talking about I was totally still I'm a project guy you're also a project lady
We're all projects on this earth. We're
We're on a rock hurtling through space
This Camille you are not
Camille it's so nice to see you. I appreciate what a project you are. Yeah
Thank you Camille you look fantastic tonight. Thank you. I like your voice
Wow, I mean if only the show was an hour, right, that's a fucking closer
I'll end it right fucking now. I will end this thing, but that's a good segue
Let's talk about that. So we got to we got two married couples up here
What I've learned in couples therapy and in solo therapy both the same therapist is
is
this this new epiphany that I've gotten is so
Everyone in the world every experience that you have like like imagine yourself just covered and buttons, you know
you just get buttons pushed and
It bit there they're your deal and stuff the most important thing about it though is that you marry the person who pushes
Most of your buttons they push they push like the exciting ones. Okay, so the buttons are good and bad. Yeah
You're like you're really pushing my buttons. That's never good
Yeah, okay. Well, maybe I need a different
Switches there we go
But like the people that the people that you couple with are people it's like it's like not to bring it into a religious place
But they're invitations from the cosmos for you to
Evolve beyond what you would have been because you could have just lived to 30 and then just fucking fell over
You know and and and hey, that would have been a fine life better than a caterpillar and fucked your ass
The but as human beings who live 70 years or 90 in women's case
Whoa, I'm sorry, I guess it's fine. You look great
The the it's like the second half of an important life is
Maybe I'm biased because I'm married
But it's like it's it's it's joining with the person that affects you way more than strangers on Twitter way more than
Good reviews or bad reviews of your television show way more than anything
And so you're making an agreement not to wake up every morning and go hubba hubba. What's going on?
Let's go. Let's go on a roller coaster
You're making an agreement to wake up in the in bed with every morning with somebody that's like this fucking person is goddamn fucking like
Jesus powerful
This person is what did Greg Proops say about his wife. How does he describe her formidable?
Yeah, this person is formidable, but I think that's true of some marriages
But then some marriages aren't like that at all some marriages are just like we're good friends
And we've decided to hang out for the rest of your death those assholes. Yeah, is that you guys?
No, you're definitely very formidable. I think I like to say I know you challenge me. I like to think I challenge you
Yes, we sort of like yeah, it's been because that's what it what you were saying was when every relationship
I've been in I felt like I had the power and same with you
Yes, I was I steamrolled every guy that I was with forever
Yeah, and then you would not allow me to do that. Is that because you as a therapist you have all that she's got all the tracks
You have all the jiu-jitsu and like yeah, and she's a blowjob feminist
I was god damn it. I was gonna say steamer as euphemism for a feminist blood
Yeah, that's not hurt. That's not hurt
but
Right, yeah, I think that in our relationship nobody
Nobody's in charge. I hope after the show. There's just a bunch of feminist blowjobs out in the parking lot tonight
Swallow it ladies
Man can be
Did you say holla or swallow?
Do you guys do you guys think now that we're moving forward into a world where marriage just means marriage?
That you won't have sex with us because the stage picture would imply that we're about to initiate up. No
Wait what
You guys think now that gay people can be married we could be swingers
Gay people can be married then we can fuck a million
Yeah, this is purely a visual thing, but because Dan and I are on either side of you. Yeah
Yeah
No judgment I think the I think the new rule just fuck whoever you're sitting nearest
Never tell her she looks good
The question to the panel is yes, do you think that like we're famously we keep talking about this divorce rate?
It's like it's gotten so high that basically most aridges that that we that we
That we basically have become a like two or three marriage culture, which is just like it's like capitalism has absorbed that in my
Perception, it's like which is why I'm proud to have waited really long to get married because even if it's not going to get married
Because even if only because I'll die soon. I promise. I'm not I'm gonna have one wife and fucking die
I don't want to play into this con, but
Do you guys think that these kids these these hologram kids these
These oculus rifts minecraft AR
My dick can be your vagina
The supreme court doesn't care. Let's fucking do it. Do you think that their divorce rate will lower?
Do you think that marriage will now that it has been liberated? No, not necessarily. I I'm on my second marriage
This is Camille's my second husband. I got married when I was very damn it. I'm one of these people
I guess I maybe knew that and totally forgot and put my foot right in it
I'll tell you I got married when I was like super young to a very lovely guy. Good friend wonderful
Oh, right where everyone can hear this
We're getting there
I'm joking
He's a very nice guy very nice guy
but who
Did not push any of a lot of my buttons and didn't challenge me and I kind of just ran the show
And so we got a very amicable divorce, but I feel like I feel like what I expected from him
I expected him to be everything to me. I expected him to be like my best friend and my confidant and the guy
Like food with him. I'm like a real fuck guy and like he couldn't
I've met him. I've met him. You thought he was gonna be a fuck guy
All right, all right
If that's not fair for women to expect then
Well, I feel like and I just feel like at some point it used to be that marriages were business arrangements set up by parents to like
Make more people to work at the family business or like keep money and whatever
Well, and women went straight from home to husband and at some point it became a thing of like no
Your spouse has to be literally everything to you
They need like you have to be ultimately fulfilled in this one human being and it's not that you're not fantastic
But when I got divorced
I think this is why this was good
I think it's great that you evolved beyond expecting someone to be a fuck guy you found Camille
I
Like a really good friend. Hey
I'm a fuck guy
The world is full of fuck guys that have very few projects. Yeah Camille. I'm good. I'm a cunnilingus meninus
You stress me is that what the Wiley Coyote was called?
I think Camille
Camille you might be a project fuck guy
Yeah, you're a project fuck guy. Yeah, but when I realized that after I got divorced at like
I need to have good friends and a good like career that satisfies me and hobbies already
Like I need to already be a whole person and not expect a dude to be like the thing that makes me whatever
And once I kind of got that in my head. I found a guy that complimented me this guy
Yeah, who knows what's going on there. Yeah, they're just having a night. It's bad bad ecstasy trip
No, it's good. I'm flattered that they would choose this place to come and roll
I would have gone to Bootsy Collins at the Hollywood. I think it's interesting that you
that you evoked like the history of marriage because if you look at you know how like like
In your biology textbook, remember that empire state building diagram where it was like
This is the history of the planet and then at the very top there was like a dime on top of the empire state building
This is how long humans have been around ever
Um in the history of the concept of monogamy the concept of marriage like a vast
Like what the history that we understand is as you said arranged marriage and the idea of
Our tradition of marriage is that it's romantic
It comes from like the idea of like actually stealing off into the woods the ceremonies that we get married at
There are actually imitations of actually like like terrorist weddings, you know, like raping and taking
Like sneak off into a clearing invite your friends have a have that fuck up fryer that like like, you know
The end of the kevin castor, uh, what was the the it's like it's like that was the
That was the that was the revolution of marriage very short time ago
And since then the the the what do kids have as a tutorial of what a healthy marriage consists of the answer is
Movies in which at the end of the movie
Is when they get together they're about to get married. I have the biggest problem with this
And then they're and I just like fuck it and you're supposed to be once you get married
You're happy forever because that was the goal the whole time and just be satisfied and all these women and men
But mainly women are like wait. What the fuck? I'm supposed to be happy forever. Why am I not happy?
The implication is that if if you are with a guy that you've been with for a year or a girl
You've been with for a year and there's somebody across the room that's like, oh, there's so much more interesting
I wonder why the implication that you walk away from with from 30 years of rom-coms is actually like
Well, you know why that guy's more interesting because he's gonna
He's gonna like make you happy forever
It's the opposite. It's like no, it's like filling up on bread. It's like, yeah, of course you want fucking like don't do it
Shakespeare the difference between a comedy and a tragedy is there's a wedding at the end versus a funeral. Yeah, exactly
Yeah, but there's no
So it's true. It's a very surprising trip just got just got his brain wrinkled
What you have to do is you have to keep on bumping papers
You have to keep on competing on
With cases at your law firm. You have to continue to
Get the ax body spray account. You have to like
role play
The uh, yeah the happily ever after from all the fairy tales is like where all the stars
And all is there is of course there's because guess what adventure marriage is not an adventure. It's not super
It's not super exciting or boring. It just is it's just it can be an incredibly satisfying thing. There's also
There's also not a ton of stories about raising children like we yeah, we we skip over we don't we don't regard
raising children and being married
As adventures. Yeah, maybe we shouldn't like like that would be weird, wouldn't it? Like we used to finding creep times when we would like leave
They're like finding me. We need to have a child to lose him. He's right finding Nemo. We got it
Well, edipus was left out on a rock because his feet were too big and or no, his feet were too big because they tied his legs together
That's the story to follow. They bound his legs together. That's right
Some twists and turns
He'll be dead and I'll be smoking a cigarette
Let's let's let's talk about your book that that it's not it's it's probably not an opportune time to plug it because it's
It's not it's not being published for a little bit September. I'm finished with it. It's coming out end of September
But it's a
Yeah, you can pre-order it. It's about Hitler
And how amazing a cookie was
I've cultivated a very odd group of sociopaths
That's true
The title for your book early. Yes, it's called super you super. Yes, and uh, Hannah dance partlow who is here in the audience
Yes, all the illustrations for it. She fucking killed it so hard
and is amazing
and yeah, the book is a
Just a funny
Self-esteem guide for young women to like women my age essentially and like a self-improvement guy
Do you know of any other self-esteem guides for young women?
Honestly, I I did look and I've read a few that are like adjacent
But I didn't see any that weren't I didn't see any that any that were marketed towards like rookie age because I also write for rookie
Like teen like teenage late early 20s late. Can you talk about just talk about self-esteem and young women while I
Turn my mic down
Because I don't want to mansplain and I don't want to but I think this is so important
You're clearly the one to shepherd this flock. Well, I that's a that's a tall order
Well, you are you are somebody who definitely like make your compassion and you're the combination of your compassion and your
Vulnerability and your wisdom
Makes me and I'm sure tons of women in this audience feel so good about themselves. Thanks everybody say
A few weeks ago
I was leaving like a like a pretty disheartening meeting and I saw that you were on a podcast where you talked about your fears
And I was like, oh, I have to which is called terrified. Yeah, Dave Ross is yeah, that's a good one
Yeah, but I was like, I have to hear Emily talk about what she's afraid of because I feel so terrible and my podcast wasn't
Downloading fast enough and I was sitting in my car just crying
But then I was like, oh, you're fine
I'll say you can just call me we have each other's numbers. Just call me next time. Really? Yeah, of course
I'm so I'm so excited about this. Tell me about your book. Well, uh, uh, talk about your book
You have 20 seconds, okay
About unicorns and uh, I I just I hated myself a great deal when I was younger
I had a lot of self-loathing a lot of self-hatred self-hatred
both for real reasons and for reasons that I created and then would not stop thinking about and I
I I tried to think of what would have helped me when I was a teenager and super angry and super goth and not able
Not that being goth is bad. Not that any of this is bad, but I this is where I was
How goth did you get goth as fuck? You have no idea
You have no idea her throwback thursday her throwback thursday game is tight
It was pretty tight, uh, so I essentially like it kind of goes through like
Just kind of getting you on your own team and understanding that you have to be on your own fucking team
Because nobody else is going to be and they can be but how do you get a team? You are a team. You're already a team
You're already there and just like kind of raising your awareness of what you're doing
So that for so long I just kind of functioned on autopilot and this autopilot was like, I hate myself. I'm horrible
I hate myself. I'm horrible and just at some point stopping and being like
I'm doing this to myself and my life's just going by like either way if I spend my time hating myself or if I spend my time
Learning to like myself in any capacity. It's happening either way. There's nothing I can do about it
Yeah, deep deep cut down. Hey guys, you guys have to either talk softer or not. Yeah
He has a very resonant voice. Yeah, it's not your fault. You're whispering, but I can feel it in my balls
Kind of vibrates in there
Yeah, so tend your own garden manage your own buttons
You are in charge of your own experience if no matter how racist misogynist
hurtful
Vendictive unhealthy unbalanced in need of fixing your opponent is no matter what is happening to you
It's fine to have reactions to it. Absolutely, but you are
You're driving this boat you even if you decide not to make decisions. That's a fucking decision
So like just start
Like stopping on autopilot start having intentionality behind what you're doing like even if that means that you that doesn't mean that you have to make
Like healthy choices at all, but like the buttons thing know what the fucking buttons are know what your buttons are and know
What presses them and what doesn't and then if you want to pick someone who pushes all the bad ones
You're picking them
But acknowledge that you are choosing them because you want those buttons pushed for some reason instead of like the world's just like happening to me
It's not you're making it happen
Even if by making it happen you're kind of giving up all control and deciding the universe is just out to get me
Right. I mean and and and always always always as an overriding thing
It's like you're always going to fuck up in that regard a thousand times
You're going to fuck that up in a thousand times. You can you can bring it back
But if to the extent that you are honest about yourself your experience your own shit
You're feeling including like walking away from somebody that's making you uncomfortable
Um not engaging somebody when the only thing at stake is you being right as opposed to being happy. Yep. Um the the
You that actually in my very very short experience
Since bothering to go to therapy and start learning this shit. It's like I feel the world around me changing or maybe
Yeah, or maybe I'm just as I said before maybe I'm just creating a fucking delusional bubble around me
But if everyone created that same delusional bubble there would be no room left for fucking
Like nomads like everyone would be walking around on this big bubble where they insisted on their own comfort
Not to the herd of anyone else, but just insisting on their own comfort and safety
Yeah, and I think it's important because it seems like we're in a culture where confidence in women is seen as arrogance a lot
I think in guys it's sort of of arrogance and guys it's sort of valued whereas in women it's not like
Um that Amy Schumer sketch where she's like everyone they're like these scientists and they're all like apologizing all the time
Uh that sketch is fucking good. It's so genius and hard work. I didn't even get it until halfway through and it was just goddamn brilliant
Yeah, it's because we're dudes
Yeah, we did better. You're like I'm watching footage from a thing. That's that's how brilliant that sketch is
Yeah, like men watch it and they're like oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Let the moderator talk ladies
Oh
By that's a joke. I get it. Anyway
Pushed one of the wrong buttons there
But but I think that's why it's it's important and I know you and you you don't talk super you the idea is that
It's like about figuring out what the best version of yourself right now is and then figuring out how to get there
It's just becoming becoming your own superhero. Yeah, it's very vaguely superhero themed but kind of in a it's a very loose
Uh kind of theme but yeah, that is kind of the theme of it. I think they kind of like like like overarching like
I'm obsessed with like boiling things down to their most simplistic goal. Oh, shit. We totally look how healthy we've become
We're two minutes past 9 11
We didn't even celebrate it yet the whole front row saw and there was just a general wrestling intention
Um, I think it's it's almost like if there was a if you could try to boil everything down to this overarching thing
It has something to do with
Uh
Seeing past like what's right in front of you to like a more distant goal. Yeah, and actually making distant goals
That's your bat signal the actual that's the thing they're going towards
What how you use your fork and how you interact with your uncle and how you tweet and how you
If you if you don't view like five feet in front of you is how you should react five feet in front of you
If you if you instead go what I want is 15 feet in front of me. I'm gonna
Base everything five feet in front of me on and then asking yourself
Is what I'm doing right now getting me the thing that's 15 feet in front of me that I want and if it is okay
If it's not I gotta change it rather than just like just doing this do us doing this. Hopefully I'll get to that thing
Hopefully I'll get to that thing
No set the thing that you need and you want and then which is called being impeccable with your word and you all mocked me
The four agreements
Name all four real fast name the four agreements are
Don't take it personally. Don't take anything personally. Don't take anything personally
Baby come on
I'm trying to tell people about the four agreements
Be impeccable with your word, okay
Fuck I know the shitty one is do your best
That's the dumb one. You're like, okay, whatever the fuck that means. What's the other one? What's the other one god damn it?
No, we're not all white. That's not one of the agreements
That's not one of the agreements. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Don't make assumptions. That's actually one that needs more like study
What is this you came up with these?
Kind of Aaron Aaron Aaron found this book in high school called the four agreements
self-help book
And we we and uh
Total tech law Derek waters. We were talking we were we landed on it by talking. We were talking about like fan interaction
Actually, we were talking about like how like how it always goes great
And usually and like how sometimes it goes wrong and how it goes wrong. We were talking about ourselves as fans of other people
Like if you get into the elevator with somebody you admire like we were talking about like what what what happens in those moments
those supercharged moments of talking to a stranger and uh, you know, but also don't know at all
Yeah, and you want to make an impression and blah blah blah and all this stuff
I somehow from that discussion we landed some Aaron brought up like oh, well, it's one of the four agreements
Don't take it personally and it was like holy shit. Oh god. Jesus Christ. That's everything
So it's this it's it's a it's a fun little book from a while ago. It takes two hours
to listen to
Uh, let's get it up there. But the uh, but then I I tried to introduce these fucking assholes to
They were not having it. They're like they they think the first agreement is that we're all light
Paget Brewster made a mockery of it
Just because I've only listened to a half hour of it. Apparently. I'm not an authority
But I I haven't read it since college, but I totally don't remember the light
I should have it. That's a neat. It's the first part. He says we're all light and you're all we're all smoke
Wait, one of the four agreements is we're all light
No, you wouldn't know that from that from that podcast because Dan talked with 30 minutes about how we're all light
And you're smoke and it's all a dream. We all live in a dream
It's the same it's the same as Plato's shadows on the on the smoke. No, it's not the same as Plato's fucking shadows
So smoke is bad and light is good. Everything that's happening right now
is my dream
That's that's let's bring Padgett Brewster out everybody. That's
That's one of the four agreements. No, that's not one of the you're the genius
That everything that happens is our like it's through a filter of our emotional experiences. That's very true
Yes, okay. That makes sense. So there's a technique that makes sense
I would I would be pretty certain that if that author had a could add a fifth agreement
It would be you should read the whole fucking book
Oh
But it's his fault. Don't do all four agreements in the first half hour. That's true. You gotta read that. The first half hour is all about smoke and light and mirrors and shit
So it's a magic book
When did the dragon show? I don't hear any of this. This is all happening in a dream. I don't care
Emily, uh, I have I have several teenage family members. Where is is your book cool to is there is there's some sex stuff
Yeah, but teenagers should know about sex stuff. Well, Judy Bloom took care of that shit
Are you there god? Yeah, uh, it's totally appropriate for teenagers. I would say and uh, I do talk about that
Uh, specifically that you all you view everything through the light of your experiences. I try to like if you back everything out
Yeah, I'm agreement. I'm in agreement. Just because she said the word light in a sentence
It sounds like
Sounds like she's in agreement
I'm in one of four
People that agree with your theories on this
Uh, yeah, like the idea of like if you back everything out if your life was a reality show
Like a very boring for most of you reality show
Ours are great reality shows mind you
I'm just saying everybody's life is ultimately very boring as reality show
But if you viewed it as a reality show and were divorced from your talking head segments of like
Well, I can't believe he did this and he did this because he's like this this happens because I he should know that
I don't like you just viewed the situation objectively
Like that's you kind of you've got to learn to divorce that some of the shit is your shit
And you can't bring it anything because the other person you're talking to doesn't have any fucking clue
What you're talking head segment is because the only thing you can do is control yourself
That's a kind of cross-stitch a very beautiful thing that hopefully will be an item you can only control yourself
You have no control over anybody else
whatsoever
So you have to like if you're in a confrontation with someone or in a conversation
And just realize that take yourself out of it and watch as it if it was on television because if it was
You would never you would just see two characters interacting and all you can judge is those interactions
Everybody comes with their own baggage and their own shit
And you would never judge the dude that was like just hanging out
If you if you saw if another guy was like
If there was just a guy going
Like that you'd be like you wouldn't be like what a pussy. What a fucking asshole. What an idiot
You'd be like, I'm gonna want to learn more about that guy David Hyde Pierce
Well, she created an illustration of a cross-stitch because I was like wouldn't it be cool
If you had like a cross-stitch like old old timey pillow or like a thing of you can only control yourself
So she made this gorgeous thing that looks just like a cross-stitch
That's a page in the book. I'm hoping we can make another thing out of
It's but yeah, we're gonna make posters out of it all these things are like
It's so hard to like sometimes I'll get into these
Twitter things and then you're right. Nobody's gonna change. Nobody's changed their mind about anything since like the fucking 90s
we all
We all nobody changed so and I'll get into these fights with you. I have a new can I tell you I've adopted a troll strategy
Yes with people. I'll tell you what it is. I'm not proud of it. Actually. I love it
I have a new strategy because a lot of times you'll be talking to people and they just want to it becomes a semantic argument
Where they like just want to contradict you and it's not about the meaning anymore. It's about defeating the person
It's not about anything
Yeah, it's about defeating the person
From your 140 character tweet, they're picking one word. Yes, and I do that too. It's like, whoa, wait
If leather is the glue
So I have this new thing
So if if somebody like because I'll get people, you know, so if somebody ever like calls me indian
I'm like that's racist. I'm Pakistani. I know research is hard. So I'll do that
But then I'll do so then at the other day I tweeted
I was like, hey, my people are looking to trade bobby gendle and exchange will take literally anything
I said that he's an indian
And so then people will be like, um, you're Pakistani. He's indian do some research. I'm like, actually, uh, indian pakistan was the same country
until 1947 so
I know research is hard
What a piece of shit
I'm like, yeah, I got you coming. I got you going
You cannot win with kumail Nanjiani. Wait kumail
Are you saying you said you laid that trap you knew people were going to say that so that you could come?
No, but I came up with it right then and I was like, this is great
If you call me pakistani, I can be like actually we're all kind of indian
And if you call me indian you're racist because i'm pakistani. You really can't win. You cannot win
He's saying like the first instinct is to make people laugh to make people happy
And then the second instinct if somebody comes back and goes like
You're joke. I'm not laughing at it
But I have a different spot and there's my response. So that guy if you agree to go out in the alley with that guy
The crime has been committed and what goes out on that alley is your business and it's like you're saying like, yeah, you bring out a
corkscrew and
Yeah, I'm not playing fair now
Not playing fair because you shouldn't be out there. You shouldn't be out there. You have a water gun. I have a fucking maze
Don't because you shouldn't be out there. That's a great, but we should probably talk about I mean just that that one little inkling
though is like the reason you go out there is
That's a classic example. You must you must be going connection
Well, I mean that person is correcting. Oh, yes. Yes. That's what I that's they want to piece they want to be in a conversation
That's also no, no, no. I'm saying I'm saying the reason you go out there. I know the reason
Yeah, the reason the the statler and wall dwarf guys are like calling shit out
Why does kermit start engaging statler and wall dwarf? The reason is because for
Some part of what they're saying kermit's like, you know what the muppet show is full of shit
It's just some part and it doesn't matter if it's true or not, right? But can we all acknowledge that that that's what brings us out
There into that alley. I think sometimes if I engage with the twitter troll. I'm in a bad mood
I've got something that has irritated me that day and I don't want to take it out on that person or that or I can't
So I'm like, here's a person that will take my shit
And I give them my shit and I fucking I have that same thing if I'm in a shitty mood like I'm never sure of my own opinions
Uh, then when I haven't gotten enough sleep
Like he's a real bear you guys. Isn't that saying the same thing?
And I was like, isn't it just like unconsciously? Isn't it part of you when you
To continue using that metaphor when you go out into that back alley and choose to have that person to person
stiletto knife fight, which I just recently did with a dude today
Where I I always what was the meat and potatoes of that thing or is that even worth I retweeted? I'm happy to tell you
I I retweeted a very funny joke by some stranger who said I would like to see a reality show where vine stars are executed
I clicked a fucking buttons
You know retweet and and because I clicked that button then in my feed
And remember how I said I'm so happy because I've started blocking people like twitter has been a positive experience for me
then this guy this this guy just
This is in my feed it goes like that's a that's a funny thing coming from a guy who let community turn into dog shit
And and and I was like I was like unrelated, but but there's some part of what do you mean unrelated?
You're not related. Yes. His thing is unrelated. Yes. I thought you were gonna say unreli- god damn it. Fuck you
You could have posted a picture of flower and they'd be like that's a pretty flower
But obviously something's drawing me. I'm following some I'm following something. What were you following? Let's talk about it
So I'm following the fact that I don't think community
I don't you want to disagree with him and let him know that you disagree
I want to I want to I want to know that the guy who says that is definitely a bad person
You want reassurance that if someone has a bad I want to know it's not morgan freeman like logging in
I've been like not that morgan freeman is not a piece of shit. I'm sure he is but
That guy positive or negative was trying to connect with you in some way whether or not it was good or bad
Into your he wanted whatever's going on in his end. I'm sorry. I'm talking about
Can we all acknowledge what's drawing us into these knife fights is a suspicion?
I think
Malcolm acts I really really am going into out of my jurisdiction, but I think there's a quote from
So someone just flew across the room
I'm so curious what the next thing you have to say is someone wanted to go
And it turned into
And they're now they now
Are dead because of me
And I apologize
I'm going to assume that person's black
And I apologize for that person. Um, I saw him not black. Okay
You know what now that you say that fucking makes sense fucking white people. They're pieces of shit
Oh, see black people are sitting hanging out. Yeah
No, there's no one here
You just called morgan freeman a piece of shit
fuck him
uh, the
What I think it could have been Malcolm acts it could have been it could have been let's just say let's just say it was
Be and I'm gonna paraphrase it and fuck it up behind all of the stripe
This the the the racial like tension all of these things is the is the suspicion
We have to let go of that anything we're talking about is true
It's the on both sides
It's like what like white racists thinking that something they're saying has any founding and also on the victim side
Like the idea that that that you can victimize somebody to the point where they actually believe
So you're concerned that the suspicion you have a suspicion that this person on twitter might be right that you did like community
Go to shit. Is that what you're saying? That's what he's saying, but I don't know. I don't know if that's for me
It's not like if I say bobby gentle is a piece of shit
There is no doubt in my mind that got that guy is harmful
And I'm not fighting him because I'm like maybe he is a good guy. No, I see the talk to his children
He's a horrible monster. That's you putting fruit out by a
Wayside that's your you grew that you that's not you respond. I'm talking about somebody coming up to your fruit
Yes
You
You made the perfect example
You went out into the alley with the guy we're like you said the opposite of the other thing
You're like, yeah, well pakistan was part of india because you're is there there's a suspicion there when the guy called you out
You're what you were reacting to what drew you out into the alley
The the way that someone agrees to try weird shit in 50 shades of gray is some white rabbit that says to you
I have parts of me that I haven't fucking like
Like the guy is calling you out and going like you're and you're going fucking call me out
Like and you're going out into that alley because not because you you've got all your shit sealed up
You're going out of that alley because you're like, oh wait
right
Um
I don't know about that specific example, but I know what you're saying and I agree with you
When somebody says like hey, you're if somebody says like hey, you're not good in this thing
I probably fight back because part of me is afraid that i'm not good in that thing
I think that's I think that is part of it
But the most important part of that making no assumptions and taking nothing personally is is visualizing that that other person
Has their own like that guy who tweeted it. He's got his own shit. Yeah, like you would never none of us on the stage would ever tweeted anybody
I just thought of something horrible that I
That I was telling you about that happens to me when I'm playing Mortal Kombat with strangers online
But I'm not gonna say that reaching out to a creative and saying like well, that's great
But everything you do is terrible like that's that person's that's what do you say in Mortal Kombat?
No, I turned my mic off, but I think it
Well, I kind of it's horrible. It's very very bad. Just say it. No, it's bad
No, come on. It's like can we make this a safe place? Is this a no judgment zone? I don't feel good about it
It's a no judgment. Okay
Don't judge me on this. This is me at my worst
And I say so I will play Mortal Kombat and it's just because it's one person
I get like really into it and I really want to win and then some people I'm not as good as a lot of people are
They'll they'll they'll beat me and then I could tell that they're fucking shitty
I could tell when I'm playing someone. I'm like, oh, you're a bad person
Not by their skill, but by like how this spam moves and I think I'm
Is there an honorable way to play? Yes. Yeah, you don't you don't spam fireballs
Yes, you don't spam fireball
I'm fire when the fifth and that's that's that's the title
Move over and over. Yes. You I and I'm on pretty solid footing. I think yeah
It's a personality test and and also Spencer. Yes when they beat me because they're fucking the fireballs
They like come and they like um teabag me, right?
And now I'm like, you're a bad person. Yeah, and I want to turn my mic on and be like, I'm gonna show an HBO
This is all you have. You're not
No shame no shame
He's tell and I still horrible because it's fucking true. I still watch how you feel
And I want to be like
And every and everyone playing a fucking mortal karmic fuck these kids. They should always know that I have talked to academy award
winning not nominated
winning actors
Who go through the same thing and I tell they they have come to me. We've talked about like online video games
Fucking people who have Oscars multiple Oscars. Amis are like, they're like, man this fucking kid look fucking
Call me a bag and I said, did you tell him Scorsese? He loves you
But by the way, and then they go no no because I don't like why not he's bringing out everything teach that fucking piece of
Shit, but here's what would happen if he said that the kid would go fucking hate that show is fucking stupid
That's what would happen. That's it. Scorsese. It's not possible
No, you're right. You're right. You should never scorsese spam anybody on it. It's a there's no way to prove it
Oh, we should all tell everyone that we're scorsese. It is so gratified never has a question anything felt I've never done that
But I feel it every now and then
He does say it out loud in our house but not on a mic
Huh, wait, I thought you no I turned I I
I just threw a whole museum you said we're I thought no no no
I want to turn the mic on and say it, but I don't I don't do it because they'll know
Oh, okay, it's that fucking guy if they watch the show and that's me arrogant assuming they watch the show
That's true. I would know they would know I I have I guess I should what I should say is
I'm not gonna say
You said it watches it you fucking say it. I'm on a very popular CBS show. What have you this is all you have
Just change the network
I have the opposite impulse to like tell the person how much they hurt me
But see but you're doing that because you want them to feel bad you want to shame them
I yeah, I think what do you spread? You're not like spreading like oh, let me explain to you emotions
You're like, no, I want to make you feel bad. I think that's right
I want to I want to like reckon with them and be like we're in the same room and I'm another human being and you just like
Spewed this really shitty thing at me and I want you to like look in my my bloodshot crying eyes
Which is why I send those gifts
Just one I've I've done that a lot and I think I think that's I think that on the scale of things that are
effective ineffective a good way to live your life and then that's definitely way closer
The the irony is but but but however like I usually do it vindictively
Don't you kind of like are you kind of like I would do it
I would go like hey, man, that really hurts my feelings. Like I know I'm high-roading though
Yeah, that's it the knowledge that you're high. So I think I think you have to cross it
Yeah, you're really going to do that. You have to cross the threshold and go like hey, man
Like you have to be actually I don't do it vindictively, but I think that you guys are in a better place
I do it out of like like hey like you're right. I am a dirty piece of shit
Um, I am a feminist BJ Giver
And that hurts me you saying that because I I mean it's just this is just going to continue to be depressing
I'm going to start saying that I am Camille
Tell everyone you're Camille
Just tell everyone you're I have the only really problem I have on twitter is that people threaten in portuguese to bathe
To bathe in my blood because they think I'm the guy that created fucking Teen Wolf on MTV
Wait, is that a threat or is that the sexiest thing ever?
Does Teen Wolf
Chill a portuguese no no no the creator of MTV's Teen Wolf is Jeff Davis who's not on twitter for fucking good reason because
But why is it portuguese people loads of uh,
Portuguese like like Brazilians and turkish people are constantly you don't want the turk sangria
No, shit. No, I get I get I get threatened with like decapitation and bloodbaths and like really like like that's racist
So they're fans
I just did that
I bated you into something that I was like come on
You're not be bigger. You're not turkish be bigger than that. You're not you don't get to have the whole fucking near east man
You don't want the church mad at you and jump said you're right because I'll kill you. Fuck you. You've written
You would say that
I could say that because they're my people
My people can expand and contract
Based on my needs the turks have hated the pakistanis for fucking centuries. We're all the same
You won't be able to tell pakistanis and turks apart in a lineup and if you can't you're racist
You're not gonna win this one jeff. I'm sorry. He's got a lot of practice. I'm sorry. Go ahead. What about so
Uh turks and portuguese people love the show hate the show hate the world. I think they love it
They love it, but that I keep apparently I not like the other jeff davis keeps killing off characters
They love or the people that they ship they were jiggies giant. Oh
I'm not shipping the right characters
So it's like we want more of these two characters to fuck on teen wolf
And if not, I will come to your house and viscerate you
I this this is so I had to go on google translate and to find out what i'm fucking being threatened with
And when I hit when I when I pull off a giant block of text and to put it into translate. I'm like, oh
Well in all fairness to the portuguese that's just shipping like
There's a lot of portuguese portuguese people that are just watching teen wolf and being like wow. He's a teen and a wolf
I I was recently the portuguese shippers. You're the ones that are finding you now. You're being racist
I was recently listening to a podcast that I very very much enjoy that
I will not name in this moment that was talking about silicon valley and then brought up Kumail and someone said
Well, and yeah, he's pakistani and someone said no, no, no, you're being racist. He's indian
And well, they are
No, or are they? Yeah
Only time we'll tell you it depends on whether they like the show or not. Yeah. Yeah. Did they like the show?
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, no my no Mary said because they it was in the context of them talking about like feminism on the show
But they really love the show and they think you're great
And then someone's like no, no, no, I know him. He's indian and I like
I
I got really fired up about it for some reason and not out of anger
But I was like, maybe I'll make a fake account and maybe I'll say oh my god
Yeah, and maybe I'll say you're wrong and do an egg. There's an emotion
My face started to smush and just like a flat land
I think there's an emotion that we haven't named yet
Which is like it's like when you have knowledge that the other person doesn't and you know
You're right and they don't know you're right and you're getting ready to drop the fucking hammer
That is such a good feeling and I don't there's no work for it. And I'm sure the germans have one
But I love that feeling
Yeah, but the problem is even that is subjective because you know the germans thought they had good knowledge about something
And turned out they weren't right about it. They they called that monday
Well, did you hear did you hear the this american life that came out a couple weeks ago where they talked about how when people who are
Faced with an alternative view about an opinion that might make no sense
Like if I say no, the world is flat and someone comes to them and says no, here's here's a satellite picture of the earth
They're more likely to double down on there. It's confirmation bias. It's called confirmation bias then to like
Then to believe what you say. So we're all
Confirmation bias is just the idea that once you have an idea and you're like, this is correct
You'll only seek out information that like
Reinforces the belief you have and if you get any information that doesn't reinforce it. You're like, well, that's completely wrong
And I think that's fucking great news. Don't you because no no, I mean for real like that is the
God particle that we've been looking for because that lets us all off the hook
Look, don't you fucking start?
You'll see I don't understand. No, just don't they already found a bad part. I'm about to explain it
We spent hours writing the show it'll come back or if if it is instinctive to primates to do that
Which I would applaud because primates should not automatically just go. Oh, I think I'll do this
Oh, you said that I'll do that
If that is a thing that we have to overcome then we all get to just say
Okay, okay, that's a thing that happens to me because I experience it every fucking day
It when when I read an essay about the misogyny of pirates of the caribbean 2
Beyond the pearl of the so sexist
It's like because
It doesn't help that the person is not funny is never funny
Anyone who's going to write that article is like a fucking like like just joyless
They're not one of the good ones
They're not one of the good ones, but but overriding that is like my sense of like, you know
I always always feel that checkered that hinge that safety valve that goes like
Oh, are you telling me that now this is going to be that fuck that?
Where's it end? What is it end? What are we going to do?
What does it take for you? Is michael sarah going to play shaft?
Uh, that would be great. No one's calling for that. Uh, that would be so great
Uh, what what what does it take for you to change your mind about something generally?
Uh, uh to be fucking honest with you the reason for my, uh
Enthusiasm for you. It takes it takes acquiescence. It takes it takes positivity. It takes that's why I was so
adamant about like what what can we what can we figure out about?
Like the way you approach things because I have never in my in the in the years that I have known you I'm
I'm positive that if I was ever going to exhibit characteristics or thoughts or ideals or semantic
Flurbs that that would possibly trigger you. I've definitely probably threw them toward you at some point
I'm sure they've floated down
So I'm sure you and you've never made it my problem and you've never you've never all never capitulated
You've never we're not we don't we don't we don't drink together every night
We're not like blood brothers and pinky swear brothers and and let's let's agree to to alter each other's reality brothers
You're just you're a virtual stranger to me
With that that just is impeccable with their word
Leave it then
And and and invites people upward upward like like when you say
Like here is a list of ways that you can tell people that they're a good person without telling them how they look
And you there is nothing in that communicate that suggests to you
That you're a defective unit. We like we like you so much. There is everything in that communicate that suggests to you that you
Have an ability to repair yourself and and evolve upward
So you always feel like you're winning in video games
We wouldn't play video games if every like you're doing this wrong you fuck off
Yeah, you you fucked up start over
What happens in video games and the reason people are addicted to them is because that is the effect that video games have on people
They go they go congratulations on running across this log a thousand times. That's a very good analogy
That's actually a really great analogy. Here's a here's a diagram you can use to make a sword that kills ghouls better
Yeah
There's nothing no one ever says you're killing ghouls wrong. I'm gonna rape you
That's because I'm playing you use the word rape as a metaphor you
I'm gonna stop listening to your podcast
That's so true because I'm playing Arkham Knight right now and it was so horrible
It's like uh, you're batman and you can't find your way out of this police station
You're fucking batman
What are you doing? It's not like that
No, but that's actually what Emily is really good at and what you said earlier is dying
I feel like everybody just probably
We have some bad news Emily. You died in 9-11
Your chest results just came back
You died in 9-11
What you're really good at is keeping your eye on and you didn't work in the buildings
Yeah, why was I there? You were one of the pilots. What do you think the fucking arc is?
I love my dad. Okay, go ahead
Well, I think you is always keeping your eye on the prize and getting what you want to get out of an interaction
For instance, like if I'm uh, if we're supposed to fly on a flight like and this really happened and they Emily
They checked Emily and they're like, oh no, we bumped you to the next flight and I'm like that is I'll get like self righteous
I'll get like this is wrong. This is immoral
This is not good
Fucking fix it and Emily's like Emily will befriend them and talk to them nicely
I dare you to be better
She says and then get them to and her like this was a couple weeks ago
Emily was supposed to have some surgery and they called and they were like, oh, we can't do it anymore
And I taken the week off she taken the week off to do it and I was like give me their number
I will talk to them and she's like that's the worst idea
Yeah, I have an HBO show
I am pretty good
You're supposed to cut my wife open and fix her insides and I had to meet you do it when you're supposed to do it
And I don't care if you're stressed out or angry while you're cutting her open
What Emily did was yeah
You don't want waiters to spit in your food and you don't want the doctor angry. You want the performing surgery
But what Emily did was she's like, okay
Hung up the phone was like angry and sort of dealt with it and then called back
Befriended the person on the phone and got the job
Yeah, it got it. It happened. My technique never works. No not once and you keep doing it
It's calling it a technique is really overstated
I have to pull you away from stuff
I have to like pull you away from yelling and screaming and raging it. Well, I don't do that all the time
Certainly not. I but I don't
No, no, just when things fuck up. Well
You make me sound like a horrible person. No, you're a wonderful person
It's like when something happens that I feel like I have this thing where I want everyone to do their job
Right, and if they don't do it, right, then I get like I'm I get a little indignant and I get self-righteous
And I'm like, this is your job because that's always what gets you the results
Because you feel like if you don't do something about something people are gonna fuck you
Yes, I have that thing since the kid because I was you know, bullied as a kid. I'm like this fucking person's bullying me
I'm not gonna take it anymore. Yeah, but we don't know that world anymore. Nobody ever
There's there's examples of fucking like dumb archetypes of like, hey, listen, you fucking
I'm gonna do
Yeah, it's it's primarily fictional the
And the important thing is if you start to apply this idea of like, oh, actually, I'm just gonna be chill
It's important to note like
you're
Once you're chill, you're gonna get you're gonna there's gonna be all kinds of people getting away with all kinds of shit
Yes, but letting them get away with it and walking around them walking away from them
You're gonna end up getting farther faster so much further than anybody
I literally picture it like the sims like have you guys played the sims come on
Come on sims people where you at where you have those like gauges over your head
There's little like bars over your head that tell you like this is how hungry you are the cell whatever
Like that's how much power you have and for me to like let someone else make me that angry over something that they're
They genuinely can't do anything about that's me giving them my power. I don't want to give them my fucking power
That's mine. You don't get to have that. Do you want to give up your ease is what my therapist gets egg
Do you want to give up your ease?
Yeah, like you've worked hard to be at ease. Do you want to give that to this fucking guy?
This person on twitter doesn't deserve it
This like this poor lady who is just giving me bad news that the doctor's office didn't deserve it
And also if I befriended her she helped me out
But uh, I always think of it like you have a certain amount of cake that you have to give to people
You have cake you have delicious wonderful cake you can give it out
But if you're not interacting with people that give you eggs and milk and flour and vanilla
You don't get to make any more
Cake analogies
Even better. That's a good metaphor. I like that a lot. Yeah, so you can run out of fucking cake if you're not hanging out with me
You don't want to do that
Yeah, that's great. That's terrifying actually. I'm I'm afraid now. I have a lot of phone calls to make
Two two egg egg people and flour people first of all Aaron. Sorry
Give me more eggs. I don't want to jinx things, but this is not only my favorite episode of the podcast
This is my been the favorite two hours of my life
the we should also like
Christian it with uh, that felt that felt fake just you know, that felt real fake
No more. No more. It's his favorite
Yeah, and it now now it sucks. You took the cake and you kept the eggs. You're all
You're a bunch of dirty egg people. They wanted to be part of the favorite episode. That's racist
Well, I mean we got we got we got yeah
We got a little so god i'm crossing my fingers
Are we do we have the right combination? Do we have the right number of people to just play shadow run?
Do we have to fucking like get complicated? Let's just fucking roll the bones, baby. Uh, I think we um, we we have
We got de morge back there and uh, yeah, let's bring de morge brown out right now
We can put these together you sit in the middle
Yeah
Who's gonna fuck de morge if he sits right there?
I think we're yeah, we're getting a mic right zack
I have a uh, I have a revolutionary idea if we're assuming that we that
Like I would have somebody else play
Jim nightblade and I I could play like mpc characters. Uh, who does it good bruce willis?
No one. I don't think anyone does
Can you do a good bruce willis bit?
No, it'd be it'd definitely be de morge. I would assume but uh
Come here. How long has it been? Jim nightblade. Come here. How long has it been since you played dr
friend only once like a thousand years ago?
Yeah
You know that Curtis. I'm strong has played your character with great aplomb and alacrity. Yeah, I heard
He's okay
You know what all right, so who's who's familiar with my character? I I would like like I will I want to like
Play npcs and have somebody somebody played jim. Yeah, you play jim nightblade de morge
What does playing in the seas mean?
I Spencer calm down. It just usually they're
It means I'm taking the episode off
Come out. I feel like you should take my mic. Yeah, I'm a non player
Yeah, they're not Emily could play mercy and I could play jim. I also can just make comments on things as they go
Not play a character. Wait, isn't there wait if the the number should work out if an gives up his character
Yeah, oh you play jim nightblade. There you go. I don't know if I'm ready for this
Just talk talk like bruce willis and and go with your gun
And
Yeah, Emily, Emily, you're a badass. Oh, you there's another mic coming down. You're kind of a shoot first ask questions later
You sure?
Okay, why?
Because you're manor wait, but
It's muted
All hell's broken loose here at meltdown comics. He doesn't need to be on camera. That's that's um
All right. Harmon is relocating over by spencer. Dustin everybody. Dustin. Justin marsha
Can you pass this to dan?
Thank you, mr. Marsha. All right, spencer. Do we have a guest sound effects? Do we have a guest uh recap before us tonight?
Yeah, I think his name is ebb and bergoun
Best cookies in the biz. That's an amazing name. There's a good name. All right. Is that an actual guy from shadowrun?
Yeah
He's a shadowrun reference
Last time on Harmontown
Tiptoeing past piles of dead bodies with brow bald when brown btl chip research in hand
The posse exited the hospital joined by their controversial new frenemy jesse yellowman
From the safety of dr. Friends force shield or force five shimmering force energy wall
Nightblade took the time to taunt the remaining guards with rude gestures before joining the party in their escape
They're among piles of broken and suspiciously used room buzz
Rehydrated pizza crust an empty empty aluminium sputnik one cans the party listened to brown and yellowman's turncoat proposal
However, the reward of owing the party free in exchange for the betrayal of their employers
Created a rift hordegarde and nightblade heatedly argued with mercy and dr. Friend over remuneration
Reputation and the code of ethics of shadowrunners as the argument reached its fever pitch
Nightblade seized the chance to surprise and turn the tables on yellowman only to be sent to the ground by his top
Notch evasive jubu robo judo moves
Who's on the side of cause and who's on the side of cash will jim and the gang have to dance before yellowman's
non laser razor blades or where cooler heads prevail
Let's find out now on shadowrun Harmontown time
ebb and gooberman ebb and gooberman
I have one question. Okay. I have a thousand but you go first million. Did you say aluminium?
It was it was hyphenated. It was very clear which
Syllables were meant to be stressed the British minimum. Um, I think dan you should play your character
How many and I should split this but there's someone who knows what's going on. I think so
No backing for it. Just yes he ended come on
I'm doing Emily you're you're you're playing a uh
This you wrote a book about self-esteem for women
So i'm uniquely qualified you're playing a character that just failed to stun baton a guy that now has
Compromise you you're a bounty hunter and you talk like bruce willis
So so we we had we had said no to jesse yellowman's uh proposal. Oh, yeah
Nightblade jumped the gun and stun batoned him. Well, he tried to we didn't succeed. Are we all in the same room right now?
Yeah, you're all in uh nightblades apartment. Okay. I I approached jesse
Uh, he's got a stun baton. He's holding it towards you
menacingly
Hortiga draws his alpha assault rifle and points it in his direction. All right
All right, uh using using my charisma
My exceptional charisma
Hey, jesse. Sorry jim's going through some stuff. Can we can we talk?
Uh
I don't know. Why don't you all put your weapons down? Maybe we could talk with weapons not out
All right, I like that guys. Can we put our can we put our weapons kind of down? He puts the baton down first
May I ask you a question? Am I stunned? What's my situation right now? You are not stunned. You're just disarmed right now
You're just done. You went for do not compliment my looks
You may you may hey, I would love to
Fuck your ideas
sorry
Very sorry. Take that out. Can we
He's not he's not a fuck guy. He's not a fuck guy. He's reading it right off the sheet though. That's
Yeah, that's my character
So I have been disarmed. I've I've been disarmed. Uh jim nightblade. That's nightblade
Yeah, so basically what happened is like two seconds before we started you're like, huh?
And then failed utterly and then he grabbed the stub baton out of your hand. So let's everyone
Let's put our weapons down. Let's put our weapons on three minds already down. I'll count. All right. Is everyone on one?
two
three
All right, I just take a moment to say this this world is crazy
It's like in any other situation we'd be best friends and here we are fighting so
No
But wasn't wasn't uh, jim nightblade wasn't your whole point about not agreeing with uh, jesse ellum
And that we have to obey our own code of ethics. We should follow through on the original plan, right? Everybody's got a code
I
I'm gonna fire my grapple gun. No and try to escape it. I'm trying to escape. Are you hot?
Yeah, I'm hot in the fucking this. I'm out. No, we're talking to this person
Okay, I I tried to I tried to fire my grapple gun to get to escape merely to escape. It's your apartment
Yeah, I'm trying to escape firing the grapple gun out your window
It hits a nearby rooftop and
Holds fast
Uh night night blade night blade before you before you uh before you bone out of your own apartment
Leave us holding the bag here. Uh
Yes four seconds ago you tried you tried to fucking karate chop this guy
And now you're now you're just you just take and leave
I don't I don't take orders. I don't take orders from anybody
We're not giving you orders. No, he has to put out my gun. So I'm out. So you just leave it. Okay. This is your house
All right, okay, give me a reason to stay give me a reason to stay why don't
Leave it makes no sense
Spencer Spencer how close does eve libertine to uh to to jesse? Uh
Uh three to five feet. Um, it's okay. I
What did you want to hear?
That's a great question. Yeah, what was the correct distance?
No
I uh, I I fire my ex shocker at jesse yellowman as i'm sticking with jim night plays original plan of knocking this guy down
Wait, so we basically all decided to put our weapons down and as soon as the bad guy put his weapon down
We all know I pulled our weapons back out a weapon minus a means of escape. That's it
Great. I I fire my ex shocker right at him as hard as uh one might what's your pistol skill my pistol skill
Spent a long time
Hold up. It's uh six six
Oh, wow, look at that. You have an app. I got I yeah, there's too many dice in this game. I need an app
Okay, with his robot like reflexes. He dodges to the side of a shocker shocker bolts plug into the walls
Okay, here we go. I put my gun back down. I go just fucking around
Just just trying to have a good time
And I I play along that was funny dude. That was funny
Hortegaard hortegaard with your innate reflexes and combat senses you feel
Some shit's gonna go down
You're the only person with the reflexes fast enough to react before he uses his crazy reflexes to do fast things
I've got crazy reflexes
Yep
Well, you did that's why you went earlier. Okay, good
Uh, I draw uh again the alpha salt rifle which is loaded also with shock rounds and shoot him with shock rounds
Or shoot them in his direction. All right
All right, that one you get him
Yeah
Okay, what is it? Uh, no regions would say hiya
You hit him square in the chest and you see electricity ripple through his body
You hit him strongly in his chest and he's knocked back a couple feet just by the impact of the blow and as the
Electricity flows through him. He crumples to the floor as if in cardiac arrest. I released the grapple from the roof next door
I'm back. I'll stay
Hortegaard would like to
That was a perfect sound
Uh, hortegaard consulting the group quickly people. Is there anything that we need to derive from this person?
Is there any reason to keep him around? Dr. Friend would wait. Are we talking about killing him? Is that what you mean?
Is Baldwin Brown in the room too? No, we just have Jesse. Yep. Um, well
Prior to the tease
We have all the btl chips, right?
Uh, what do we have all the the btl? You came for research. You have the research. Oh, we have the research. I mean, yeah
Uh, I'm sorry. I don't want to medicate, but who's Jesse's just a guy we ran into. Yeah
He was working for someone who is trying to dissuade you from your mission. How about this? I have a pitch you guys
We kill him. No, no, no, hold up
Uh, two pizza guys four hours one girl
I prefer the non-lethal if I can because we've chosen not to betray our original employer
Let's take this guy bound and gagged take him back to our original employer and show show of faith
How badass we are and show him that this guy that wanted to uh to underdo us
I like that. So all you want to do is
dissuade us and so we
He wanted to talk he was trying to give us this whole play that like it would be more moral to to
Okay, so then we we shocked him and now we're gonna tie him up. Yes
If this is a movie, I know who the bad guys are
Camille you haven't been here for a long time. All right a fucking shit's gone. Fucking let's tie him up and take him back
All right, I'm into it. You guys into it. Uh, do we have some sort of I do I've rope
I take some rope out and I uh, and I and I hog tie that dude. Are we all on board with this?
As long as the bag is neutral galvanically neutral. I'm not touching that shocking thing
As long as everything that we're doing requires a lot of sound effects and yeah, how does it sound? All right, we tie him up
Let's tie him up
Yes, and we gag him
I call it
I zip up and unzip my jacket and I unfurl my ponytail
I uh
I I open up I open up gym night gym night blades
Uh, uh shed a little like a utility cabin that he has in his place. I start a lawnmower
I start a lawnmower
And while the while the lawnmower is rolling and going I started chainsaw too
And then I start farting like crazy
All right
Cliff Hanger
All right, well that was all right
DeMorge Brown and the gaffey
Spencer Crittenden
Kumail Nanjiani
Morgan Freeman's a piece of shit, but we love Emily Vance Gordon
I'm Jeff Davis your mayor is mr. Dan Harmon everybody. Thank you so much for coming
Comic-con comic-con we're at comic-con Sunday night the last time I come into San Diego next Harmontown will be down on the
At the chin roof in the gas lamp district with Camille's got a plug
Meltdown is coming out on Comedy Central. That's right. June 30th at 12 30 a.m
Which is a slot we really fought for
Tuesdays Tuesday night 12 30 a.m starting June 30th
Also, um feel free to flame uh Emily Gordon up at Emily v. Gordon on Twitter
And if you play Mortal Kombat with Camille, he's gonna say some horrible shit to you
Drive fast take chances everybody
Absolutely true
Did you get any of that it's a good a show
Oh